I'm Larissa Reis ifbb pro figure and you
watching motzo in the morning
you
welcome to another episode of muscle in
the morning brought to you by
ironmaglabs make your mark i'm your host
dave palumbo and i'm here to bring you
all the latest news in the world of
bodybuilding and fitness it's Thursday
April thirtieth 2015 let's go to it it
looks like Logan Franklin may be gearing
up for another run at the stage last
year Franklin completely dominated the
men's physique division at the npc
nationals where you're paired to have
all the makings of a surefire superstar
Franklin made a very impressive pro
debut earlier this year at the
Governor's Cup were replaced a close
second behind eventual winner James
Hurst with his physique appearing to
transform by leaps and bounds in every
show it seems like it's only a matter of
time before we're mentioning Franklin's
name as a legitimate contender at some
of the sports top contests and should he
managed to keep the momentum going he
has the potential to make things very
interesting in the men's physique
division we're t-minus two weeks away
from the festivities kicking off for the
New York Pro and Max Charles appears to
be growing and getting scarier by the
day while there isn't much debate
surrounding charles certified freak
status as of late it looks like he's
managed to elevate his game to another
level from the waist up Charles has one
of the most impressive physiques in the
sport but his fate will ultimately be
decided by the amount of improvements
he's made to his legs and whether or not
he can hang with the likes of juan morel
and big Ronnie apparently Jamie del
angel isn't familiar with the popular
term off day last year del angel caught
everyone's attention when she put on a
stunning performance at the USA
championships on her way to earning her
ifbb pro card earlier this season a much
improved el angel took the stage and
dominated the legends Pro bikini classic
earning her first win and an olympia
qualification in the process although
it's still early del angel certainly
seems to be well on her way to becoming
a formidable force in the bikini
division but she still has a few
mountains to climb before we can begin
to consider a first call out threat at
the bikini Olympia coming off
back-to-back top 10 finishes at the
Arnold in arms Australia to kick off the
year it looks like ben pakulski is still
training full throttle despite the
structural criticisms he receives
regarding his physique Mikulski has
really managed to turn himself into one
heck of a body builder over the last few
years and there aren't many athletes who
are greater students of the game then
pac-man however despite the improvements
that we've seen from him michalski still
has skipped the Olympia for the past two
seasons but with no official word from
bacall ski regarding his future
competitive plans we can only speculate
when he may show up next if we were to
compile a list of physiques in the sport
that can truly leave you awestruck it
wouldn't be too long before we came to
the name Cedric Melanie recently one of
the most breathtaking athletes and
bodybuilding was spotted getting in a
little arm training as he ramps up for
his preparation for next month's Arnold
Brazil along with Macmillan the lineup
in Rio is projected to be one of the
year's best but should he somehow
managed to pull off the victory and best
the massive big Rami McMillan is going
to make the Olympia narrative extremely
interesting come September and finally
sergio fernandez last year's npc orlando
europa men's overall champ and silver
medalist at the amateur Olympia Latin
America is currently prepping for the
upcoming Arnold amateur Brazil where
he's hoping to score the win and earn
his ifbb pro card in the process not
only is Fernandez a gifted bodybuilder
but he's also one of the best coaches in
Latin America with clients ranging from
novice athletes all the way up to ifbb
pros like Larissa rice good luck to
Sergio at the upcoming Arnold Brazil and
that doesn't be at another edition of
muscle in the morning brought to you by
ironmaglabs make your mark check out
ironmaglabs calm today i'm your host
dave palumbo reminding you to always be
true
passion and make sure to follow us on
Facebook Twitter and Instagram
you